Update docs for system collections (#584)
sulu/sulu-docs: cookbook/system-collections.rst

    sulu_media:
        system_collections:
            # system collection
            my_key:
                meta_title:

>                     en: 'Title'
>                     de: 'Titel'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    en: 'My Collection'
                    de: 'Meine Sammlung'
```

                # optional you can also configure sub collections
                collections:
                    my_child_key:
                        meta_title:

>                             en: 'Child'
>                             de: 'Kind'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                            en: 'Child Collection'
                            de: 'Kindsammlung'
```

This structure will be used to create a Collection Structure like this:

.. code-block:: bash

    System

>      |--> Title
>      |     |--> Child

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     |--> My Collection
     |     |--> Child Collection
```

> If you want todo this in a bundle you need to use the PrependExtensionInterface
> of Symfony for it and register there the System collections:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to register a system collection in a bundle, you can use the PrependExtensionInterface
of Symfony to prepend the respective configuration:
```

    sulu_media:
        system_collections:
            # system collection
            my_key:
                meta_title:
                    en: 'Title'
                    de: 'Titel'

                # optional you can also configure sub collections
                collections:
                    my_child_key:

>                         key:

Reviewer: 🤔

                    'sulu_media',
                    [
                        'system_collections' => [
                            'my_key' => [
                                'meta_title' => [

>                                     'en' => 'Title',
>                                     'de' => 'Titel',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                    'en' => 'Bundle Collection',
                                    'de' => 'Bundle Sammlung',
```

                                ],
                                'collections' => [
                                    'my_child' => [
                                        'meta_title' => [

>                                             'en' => 'Child',
>                                             'de' => 'Kind',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                            'en' => 'Child Collection',
                                            'de' => 'Kindsammlung',
```

    }

To use this new Collection you can use the `sulu_media.system_collections.manager`

> (`Sulu\Component\Media\SystemCollections\SystemCollectionManagerInterface`) service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(`Sulu\Component\Media\SystemCollections\SystemCollectionManagerInterface`) service.
```

> which will by first access create the new collection in your database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service will create the new collection on the first access of the collection.
```
